e164dnswalk:
	Walks e164.arpa tree for a given phone number prefix
	
	Note:
		Some authoritative DNS servers such as PowerDNS do not implement
		RFC1035 correctly: http://wiki.powerdns.com/trac/ticket/127
		This has the side effect of preventing DNS walking from working.

e164dnshide:
	Hides empty terminals in an e164.arpa zone (preventing walking)
	
	Prevents e164dnswalk from working (unless the secret used to create the
	wildcards is known because then more information that could be used to
	infer NXDOMAIN is available) by causing queries that would have returned
	NXDOMAIN to return NOERROR using some extra records.
	
	Warning:
		If you're thinking of modifying a DNS server to replace NOERROR
		with NXDOMAIN for e164.arpa zones, please don't as this isn't
		valid behaviour.
		[ This bogus behaviour would completely prevent walking. ]
		
		You can however replace NXDOMAIN with NOERROR. There's no
		requirement to actually have a terminal RR at or below the
		name being queried - NXDOMAIN just asserts that there isn't
		one. Doing this for non-e164.arpa zones would give no benefit.
		[ This technically valid behaviour would make walking the zone
		impractical. It'd be mislead into thinking all possible numbers
		exist. ]
	
	Observations:
		e164.arpa can be trivially walked, although if there are
		wildcard records in there the results will be a bit odd.
		
		e164.org's nameservers are all returning NOERROR for number
		prefixes that don't exist. This is valid and means that the only
		remaining way to enumerate all possible numbers is to query for
		all possible numbers (which is impractical unless you look at
		the individual numbering plans of every country).
	
	Note:
		If the zone is DNSSEC signed then the use of offline signed
		NSEC3 allows it to be walked even if the NOERROR trick is used.

Credits:
	Roland Dobbins
		http://mailman.nanog.org/pipermail/nanog/2011-January/031124.html
		
		For giving me the idea that reverse DNS enumeration (based on my
		existing knowledge that PowerDNS doesn't do NXDOMAIN properly)
		is actually possible.

